Fix genes with name containing the "orf" string missing in PanelApp panels (#3466)
Clinical-Genomics/scout: CHANGELOG.md

- Some of the DataTables tables got a bit dark in dark mode
- Update list of variant specific events
- Missing link in saved MatchMaker-related events

> - Genes with name containing the "orf" string missing in PanelApp panels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Genes with mixed case gene symbols missing in PanelApp panels
```
